##### Priorities
- [ ] 5k time trial on friday (?)
- [ ] ready for rez retreat
- [ ] reading
___

- [ ] ym tasks (see last week)
- [x] plus amazon order
- [x] laundry
- [x] fold laundry
- [ ] give away standing mat
- [x] cook dinner
- [x] send bryson .zip of fb chat
- [x] change sheets
- [x] new kindle bookzb

- [x] respond to driving email!!
- [x] parish retreat ym planning -- just abbie & me
- [x] also email the parents who are going
- [ ] and don't forget the tshirts
- [x] ON ME TO TRY TO MAKE EVERY WEEK WORK



Future study bible... #Seed  #toCode 
- one thing I want is like... built in concordance right there, first of all (I assume that the fancy ones like Logos do that but that it's not user friendly). 
- Then also like -- I want to be able to SUB OUT english <> hebrew/greek when I learn a word. Like I wish I could read a copy that just says nephesh, kavod, khesed etc... every time it appears.
- Thank you for putting it in english so I could get it. But please UNDO the translation step as I learn some keywords!!!
	- I guess this is only one less abstraction since someone still went like Hebrew->interlinear
- Also I want to toggle away some things like the chapters/verse numbers... I want it to look more like scrolling...
- The AI features then are more like... explanations or connections or comparisons like my translation lookup
- Idk maybe Cameron is gonna make all this... but also maybe I should make it myself! 

Another fun running route idea -- loop over the woodrow wilson bridge (this is at least 20 I think) -- I need some of these wild ideas to keep me going thru lsd in the fall/winter tho


Little quality of life improvements in technology -- very small but do these add up? -- I just typed an "invalid" date into google sheets and it corrected it -- I tried to type "Sunday 10/3" in a list of sundays without the year. It autocorrected to "Tuesday 10/3" because that's the day of the week that 10/3 actually is this year. But I wasn't even listing out the year!! Like whoa. Pretty slick. How many hours of list time have been saved through a feature like this? How many other very small features are there like that? #Seed  


I think "What's our problem" is missing an alternative explanation in the politics chapter? Which is that maybe the Parties are just getting better at identifying what people want -- Median Voter Theorem holding stronger tham ever?? so we sort more into the parties but it's just they have succesfully pushed and pulled into a nash equilibrium. The equilibrium is close elections right??? That's the public choice argument. And more information -> closer to eq. #Seed 
- Also goes both ways -- parties have more info on what people want, and people have more info ok what the parties think. So people sort better into a party match than in 1950. 
- Like couldn't these charts of opinion over time by party just reflect people finding the party they agree with? And then the Pew chart of ideological consistency shows the parties sorting beliefs "better"
- IDK it starts to sound easily conspiratorial but I certainly believe that what the Parties want is a close race -- because this is the equilibrium
- Great paper referenced in footnote -- 1950 APSA arguing that the parties should become more distinct
- Love the use of the paper on geographic preference sorting though, good find


In a nostalgic, Mat Kearney kinda vibe this morning. but happy! 


[[Setting up Quartz with Obsidian]]